Scenario:
   Customer wants to perform system check and monitor the resources. Identify the system issues and fix

Objective:
  A) Get aware of Windows Performance monitor tool
  B) Minitor the system

Reading/Learning:
  https://www.windowscentral.com/how-use-performance-monitor-windows-10#open_perfmon

Tasks: Create and start data collection
1) press start, In the search box, enter Performance, and then in the Best match list, select Performance Monitor.
2) In Performance Monitor, expand Data Collector Sets in the navigation pane, and then select User Defined.
3) Right-click or access the context menu for User Defined, select New, and then select Data Collector Set.
4) In the Create new Data Collector Set Wizard, enter "Task1-DataCollector" in the Name box.
5) Select Create manually (Advanced), and then select Next.
6) On the What type of data do you want to include? page, select the Performance counter check box, and then select Next.
7) On the Which performance counters would you like to log? page, select Add.
8) In the Available counters list, expand Processor, select % Processor Time, and then select Add.
9) In the Available counters list, expand Memory, select Pages/sec, and then select Add.
10) In the Available counters list, expand PhysicalDisk, select % Disk Time, and then select Add.
11) Select Avg. Disk Queue Length, and then select Add.
12) In the Available counters list, expand System, select Processor Queue Length, and then select Add.
13) In the Available counters list, expand Network Interface, select Bytes Total/sec, select Add, and then select OK.
14) On the Which performance counters would you like to log? page, enter 1 in the Sample interval box, and then select Next.
15) On the Where would you like the data to be saved? page, select Next.
16) On the Create the data collector set? page, select Save and close, and then select Finish.
17) In Performance Monitor, in the results pane, right-click or access the context menu for Task1-DataCollector, and then select Start.


Task:
1) Create a workload that burns cpu and memory

Task:
1) Analyse the collected data on performance monitor
